i have done leg extensions every single
day for the past six days
six days i've done leg extensions
um initially i was going kind of heavy
then light and heavy than light to kind
of like you know volume one day and then
i would push
a heavier set of weights the next day
pretty much the last three days i've
just done heavy
you know i look back at the the training
log what i've been writing down
all of them heavy and every single time
i've
been able to recover like like i didn't
do anything
so yesterday like you know i pushed
really hard and i was expecting oh my
god here we go i'm going to be saw today
nothing as you can see here today i
decided to do
single leg uh extensions um
i'll swear to you tomorrow i'm gonna be
you know perfectly fine as well
i'm not gonna be sore this is like
literally the the cheapest freaking
exercise
i've come across i've never done an
exercise every single day to this many
reps this much
volume and not feel anything you know i
don't know what it is i know some of you
guys are thinking but you've been
squatting every single day for the last
50 million years
i have man but i've seen like i've order
regulated i've never done like
big squats back to back to back you know
i'm doing like hundreds of reps with
this man like i'm doing
sets of 30 sets of 20 for like 10 sets
man
um and you know i'd get pumped pump pump
quads
you know i'd feel them that afternoon
that night or whatever and then i wake
up the following morning like nothing
maybe the first to the second day i felt
something like the mildest of mildest
uh dorms but nothing so you know on one
end i've got
the the you know deadlifts uh it's it's
now today
is day five i think since the last time
i did them
um and i feel pretty good today but you
know it's taking me five days to wash
away that fatigue from a single damn rep
of deadlifts
yeah okay it was a one rep max the okay
was a it was a you know
very kind of slow lift you know meaning
heaps of time under tension
um five days to recover from that and
this thing is literally i feel like 12
hours
12 hours and i'm good to go again it's
phenomenal and it's really good
in my case because that's exactly what i
need to do to bring up this weakness
that i have
um and you know i've been actually
thinking last few days that this is
actually the source of my
uh hip pain i know i've kind of been
beating around the bush like
anybody's business um you know hamstring
quad whatever i don't even know what it
is but
my hips have been feeling really good
since i've done this amount of uh
leg extensions like heaps and hips and
heaps and volume
they say i've got some more internal
rotation they hit because of this as
well
you'll see when i get to the squats for
some reason
today as i was squatting i just wanted
to bring my feet in
even more and i wanted to point my my
toes my
toes forward ever since i've started
doing these leg extensions
so today i decided let let them let the
toes go wherever they want
let the hips go wherever they want and
now i'm like squatting super narrow you
know super into my quads
i feel comfortable there's no hip pain
um i feel really stacked at the bottom
position man like this is the thing like
a lot of you guys have said
you know you know space out your your
stance you'll be able to sit further
down
in between your legs i feel like when i
do that
i'm kind of collapsing in there's
nothing to support me underneath you
know what i mean like you're sitting in
between your legs and then you have to
kind of like
save yourself from that well you know
you're kind of dumping into the well
but when i have my feet really close
together like you'll see in this video
super freaking narrow stance i feel like
i'm sitting on top of my ankles i'm
sitting on my car so i'm sitting on
something that's going to push me back
up
it's like a more stacked position i
can't really explain to you guys this is
kind of the best i i i
can do i feel like i'm sitting on top of
myself like a coil right like a you know
car
car spring you know everything like
stacked on top of each other whereas if
that spring
if you had a kind of sideways if you can
even imagine that
it would have less rebound right because
it's kind of falling away from itself
i'm falling on top of myself and i just
feel like it's just so
so much easier to get out of the bottom
position that way
in fact when i see my kids squat you
know natural squat is like every kid
you know gets born into this world you
know my kids squat really narrow as well
they're basically sitting on their
ankles
and sometimes through our life at all
life we just lose all our freaking hip
internal rotation and we just
lose everything and we have to kind of
you know do the louis simmons
west side barbell boy squat um but what
you need to understand with the squat
like that is that those boys usually
have gear right they have those
um whatever you call them briefs or
suits or whatever the hell it is so
you know those suits and briefs rebound
out of that bottom position but if
you're squatting sumo
and you're raw i don't know what's
getting you out of that position man you
know automatically you have to cut depth
right you have to kind of cheat your way
through depth um
somehow get your theme is paralleled
with the floor and then up you go but
there's no way you could squat atg that
way right
you would just freaking sit on your ass
and you wouldn't be able to get up
so anyway really really interesting uh
the fact that i'm doing an exercise to
volume
and it's so cheap i love cheap things
man i love cheap food i love
going to my local vietnamese joints and
eating foe and all that stuff you pay
like nine dollars and you're laughing
nine australian dollars by the way i
don't know what that is in america it's
even cheaper put like six bucks or
whatever
um some reason i've always loved that
stuff like peasant food you know
anyway whatever i'm getting off topic
what i want to say is i love the fact
that
leg extensions are cheap and what i even
love more than that is the fact that i
need leg extensions for my weakness
so it's like super quick way i can kind
of get it
get this weakness up to scratch um i
guess this is the benefit of our
selection exercises right
um yeah i can do you know front squats i
can do uh kettlebell
um what do you call them uh uh
not pistol squats like i forget the word
now where you when you where you mounted
right in front under your chin
um can't think of it anyway there's so
many different other exercises
you can do i mean and a lot of those
exercises called so many more muscles
in you know um you know the front squat
like i've said to you guys
you know some of you guys have said why
don't you do front squats i love front
squats man
but for me to be honest with you i'll do
front squats if i want to bring up my
upper back
because that's what that's that's what
gets sore on me man like if i do a set
of 20 with
with front squats man the following
morning my whole neck
traps areas is jacked um and often times
i
start feeling a lift i start falling
forward and i start losing my rack
front rack position up for the if i do
front squats this thing i can freaking
have a sandwich while i'm doing leg
extensions man
i can eat an ice cream i can talk to you
while i'm doing this thing it's just
one joint like you know isolation
exercises have their place as much
as i don't like to do them and don't
like think about them i wish squats
addressed every little freaking problem
i had in the gym
um but in this case if you have a
lagging muscle
you have to attack it uh and in this
case i'm attacking it with the cheapest
thing possible
now i'm doing this thing every single
day i still can't get over it man
uh you know you could you could say that
this
exercise is ineffective right because
it's not
disturbing you enough it's not inducing
enough damage for you to recover for a
week
um i don't know you know when i do the
exercise when i'm in the workout
i'm feeling you know like i'm working
really hard quads are pumped i'm walking
around like a freaking baboon
you know like a whole gorilla posturing
around the place because i've got these
big ass squads
um you can see me here i don't know
what's happening here but i'm pulling my
pants up
um i don't know like maybe my quads have
grown out or maybe the pants have shrunk
i don't know what's going on but
i don't have enough you know given the
pants to squat
these pants anyway uh to squirt into the
hole anymore so i need to pull them up
whatever maybe maybe the same thing is
shrunk or maybe i've grown a little bit
whatever
um so i feel like the leg extensions are
doing something
um it's definitely if if anything it's
telling my brain where my quads are at
it's telling my quads all right you got
some tissue here man you might want to
use it
and this is why i'm doing it before the
squats some of you guys are saying why
don't you do it after the squats
i'm looking for the squats so so i can
tell my brain all right this is what's
happening today
there's muscle here you better use it
man we're using this muscle here but if
i don't do any kind of activation
exercise you're just going to restrain
to the squat
my big old glutes you know steal the
party my doctors steal the party my
quads are they're like frozen freaking
my my quads are frozen everything else
is burning up so
if you have a little laggy muscle say
it's a hamstring say it's a freaking
tricep whatever
smash out a couple of truffles the
tricep extensions smash some
hamstring curls or you guys love naughty
kills so many of you guys are saying
naughty kills
do whatever you want man before whatever
exercise you want to do bench press or
deadlifts or whatever and you will feel
that muscle working you will have kind
of a
connection with your brain and you'll be
like oh what's up this is this is what
we're using
um so i think a lot of us you know
me included man uh yeah i've spoken
about this
quite a lot um i always thought the
squad is gonna take everything
take care of everything i always thought
the bench press is gonna take care of
everything it's not like that
man our bodies are strange freaking
creatures
our bodies are always looking for the
path of least resistance
and obviously every single human being
on this planet has a strength
and therefore has a weakness and our
bodies keep jumping on the bandwagon
right i'm always always
chasing a bandwagon and jumping on the
strengths
so when i'm squatting my doctors get
hurt my glutes get hurt
everything's hurting there nothing else
right
it's just it's really interesting so if
you're somebody that's squatting
right and a few guys have said this to
me you're squatting and then you get
this mighty old pump in your lower back
and you have to stop
yes there could be some technical things
going on there some mobility maybe your
lack internal external rotation
and that's kind of making your butt wing
happen and that's why your erectors are
getting pumped trying to reverse that
but try this man if you can't feel
anything else working other than your
lower back
try and activating whatever muscle you
want say the quad
right with these leg extensions or i
don't know
go do the good girl bad girl thing you
know get your adductors
you know kind of warmed up you know
don't smash yourself or just kind of
get them warmed up by the way check this
out man
i'm gonna play this uh uh video actually
yeah i'll play this video again you'll
see
um that i did uh 180 times one really
narrow
um but yeah so so if you've never
experienced
activation exercises um
try uh you can do anything man um the
the moral of the story here is that
you're not going for like a full-on
balls to the wall
thing before your whatever movement just
do it enough to pump some blood in there
and to turn on the
you know the the i guess the anagram the
neurological anagram
to that particular part of the body it's
kind of like a map for the brain right
you know you want to go from a to b
there's 50 different routes you can take
but you want to take a specific route
well if you don't show
if you don't have a map to go through
that particular route you're not going
to be able to drive through that right
so look at the map this this is this is
what activation exercises do
it's like a map to a different path to
get the job done
a to b that's how i think about it man
so
you can do this for anything a lot of
guys are you know
reading through forums and you know
listening to videos all the time
a lot of guys a lot of bodybuilders say
that they like to do leg leg
curls before squats because it can they
kind of feel like it gets blood in there
and it makes it easier for for the squat
and makes kind of the knees health
healthier and happier and whatnot
um you know you could do that if your
hamstrings are lagging
do that you can do anything you want
right
everyone's individual there's no you
know cookie cutter stuff here you need
to assess yourself
see what's up see what you need and then
go from there
in my case as i've said my quad seemed
to be the problem
uh in fact i just watched today i
watched a video from dave tate
um elite fts they had juji mufu on there
um and it was like a 45 minute video of
dave basically telling
john you know how to go about increasing
his deadlift to 700 pounds and
apparently john has
problems with uh you know breaking the
weight off the ground off the ground
strength
which is funny because that's exactly
what i'm going through right now um
anyway in this video i kind of kept
looking at his squads and yeah they're
very very uh
weak looking i mean it's strong
everything's strong looking but he's got
his vmo look very um small compared to
the rest of his physique i mean his
upper body is incredible like he looks
like a
like an animal on top um his legs are
kind of lagging and especially the quads
so you know you can teach you can you
can talk about technique all you want
um you know if your muscles are lagging
there they're going to be weak man right
so if i was here man you know you can
shift your weight onto your heels and
you can
do deficits deadlifts until the cows
come home until you get some mass onto
their squads until you get some
proper hypertrophy proper connection
with your mind to that muscle
you're gonna struggle um anyway
uh in this video as well you can see it
now uh
i did bench press worked up 110 times
one
and then also did the bar for 90 kilos
in one set
as i said to you guys i'm influenced by
bilbo method
i'm going to make one of these videos
about the bilbao method soon
when i kind of feel confident talking
about it but basically i'm pushing
stupid reps
with really lightweight on the bench
press and it's making me feel alright uh
so
let's see how that kind of goes on
anyway guys uh
until next time which is tomorrow
have a good one uh peace out cheers